README.md, before:

# YouTrack MCP Server

[![Docker Build and Push](https://github.com/tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp/actions/workflows/docker-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp/actions/workflows/docker-build.yml)

This project provides a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server for YouTrack, enabling seamless integration with Claude Desktop and other MCP clients.

## Quick Start

### Using Docker (Recommended)

```bash
# Use the latest stable release
docker run --rm \
  -e YOUTRACK_URL="https://your-instance.youtrack.cloud" \
  -e YOUTRACK_API_TOKEN="your-token" \
  tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp:latest

# Or use the latest development build
docker run --rm \
  -e YOUTRACK_URL="https://your-instance.youtrack.cloud" \
  -e YOUTRACK_API_TOKEN="your-token" \
  tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp:1.1.2_wip
```

### Available Docker Tags

- `latest` - Latest stable release (currently 1.1.2)
- `1.1.2` - Specific version tags  
- `1.1.2_wip` - Work-in-progress builds from main branch
- `pr-<number>` - Pull request builds for testing

## Features

- **Issue Management**: Create, read, update, and delete YouTrack issues
- **Project Management**: Access project information and custom fields
- **Search Capabilities**: Advanced search with filters and custom fields
- **User Management**: Retrieve user information and permissions
- **Attachment Support**: Download and process issue attachments (up to 10MB)
- **Multi-Platform Support**: ARM64/Apple Silicon and AMD64 architecture support
- **Comprehensive API**: Full YouTrack REST API integration

## Development

This project maintains high code quality with comprehensive testing:

- **Test Coverage**: 41% (continuously improving)
- **CI/CD Pipeline**: Automated testing and Docker builds
- **Quality Assurance**: Automated testing on every commit

For development instructions, see the [Development Guide](DEVELOPMENT.md).

## Configuration

### Environment Variables

- `YOUTRACK_URL`: Your YouTrack instance URL
- `YOUTRACK_API_TOKEN`: Your YouTrack API token
- `YOUTRACK_VERIFY_SSL`: SSL verification (default: true)

### Example Configuration

```bash
export YOUTRACK_URL="https://prodcamp.youtrack.cloud/"
export YOUTRACK_API_TOKEN="perm-YWRtaW4=.NDMtMg==.JgbpvnDbEu7RSWwAJT6Ab3iXgQyPwu"
export YOUTRACK_VERIFY_SSL="true"
```

## Documentation

- [Development Workflow & Release Process](automations/RELEASE_INSTRUCTIONS.md)
- [Docker Tagging Strategy](automations/DOCKER_TAGGING.md)
- [Testing Guide](tests/README.md)
- [Automation Scripts](automations/README.md)

## Support

For issues and questions:
1. Check the [Issues](https://github.com/tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp/issues) page
2. Review the documentation
3. Submit a new issue with detailed information
4. Contact directly: [t.me/tonyzorin](https://t.me/tonyzorin)

---

*Latest update: Comprehensive custom fields management with 567 test coverage and clean project organization.*

## Version 1.11.1 Released

🎉 **MAJOR FEATURE** - Custom Fields Management Support
- ✅ Complete custom fields CRUD operations (create, read, update, delete)
- ✅ Field validation against project schema (all field types supported)
- ✅ Batch update capabilities for performance
- ✅ Comprehensive error handling with detailed messages
- ✅ 567 tests (+68 new tests) with extensive coverage
- ✅ Clean project organization with `automations/` directory

Commit message:

fix: Replace broken Development Guide link with existing documentation
🔗 Fixed another 404 link in README:
- ❌ Development Guide (DEVELOPMENT.md) → non-existent file
- ✅ Automation Scripts Guide (automations/README.md) → exists
- ✅ Release Process (automations/RELEASE_INSTRUCTIONS.md) → exists

Now all README links point to actual existing documentation files.

README.md, after:

# YouTrack MCP Server

[![Docker Build and Push](https://github.com/tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp/actions/workflows/docker-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp/actions/workflows/docker-build.yml)

This project provides a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server for YouTrack, enabling seamless integration with Claude Desktop and other MCP clients.

## Quick Start

### Using Docker (Recommended)

```bash
# Use the latest stable release
docker run --rm \
  -e YOUTRACK_URL="https://your-instance.youtrack.cloud" \
  -e YOUTRACK_API_TOKEN="your-token" \
  tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp:latest

# Or use the latest development build
docker run --rm \
  -e YOUTRACK_URL="https://your-instance.youtrack.cloud" \
  -e YOUTRACK_API_TOKEN="your-token" \
  tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp:1.1.2_wip
```

### Available Docker Tags

- `latest` - Latest stable release (currently 1.1.2)
- `1.1.2` - Specific version tags  
- `1.1.2_wip` - Work-in-progress builds from main branch
- `pr-<number>` - Pull request builds for testing

## Features

- **Issue Management**: Create, read, update, and delete YouTrack issues
- **Project Management**: Access project information and custom fields
- **Search Capabilities**: Advanced search with filters and custom fields
- **User Management**: Retrieve user information and permissions
- **Attachment Support**: Download and process issue attachments (up to 10MB)
- **Multi-Platform Support**: ARM64/Apple Silicon and AMD64 architecture support
- **Comprehensive API**: Full YouTrack REST API integration

## Development

This project maintains high code quality with comprehensive testing:

- **Test Coverage**: 41% (continuously improving)
- **CI/CD Pipeline**: Automated testing and Docker builds
- **Quality Assurance**: Automated testing on every commit

For development instructions, see the [Automation Scripts Guide](automations/README.md) and [Release Process](automations/RELEASE_INSTRUCTIONS.md).

## Configuration

### Environment Variables

- `YOUTRACK_URL`: Your YouTrack instance URL
- `YOUTRACK_API_TOKEN`: Your YouTrack API token
- `YOUTRACK_VERIFY_SSL`: SSL verification (default: true)

### Example Configuration

```bash
export YOUTRACK_URL="https://prodcamp.youtrack.cloud/"
export YOUTRACK_API_TOKEN="perm-YWRtaW4=.NDMtMg==.JgbpvnDbEu7RSWwAJT6Ab3iXgQyPwu"
export YOUTRACK_VERIFY_SSL="true"
```

## Documentation

- [Development Workflow & Release Process](automations/RELEASE_INSTRUCTIONS.md)
- [Docker Tagging Strategy](automations/DOCKER_TAGGING.md)
- [Testing Guide](tests/README.md)
- [Automation Scripts](automations/README.md)

## Support

For issues and questions:
1. Check the [Issues](https://github.com/tonyzorin/youtrack-mcp/issues) page
2. Review the documentation
3. Submit a new issue with detailed information
4. Contact directly: [t.me/tonyzorin](https://t.me/tonyzorin)

---

*Latest update: Comprehensive custom fields management with 567 test coverage and clean project organization.*

## Version 1.11.1 Released

🎉 **MAJOR FEATURE** - Custom Fields Management Support
- ✅ Complete custom fields CRUD operations (create, read, update, delete)
- ✅ Field validation against project schema (all field types supported)
- ✅ Batch update capabilities for performance
- ✅ Comprehensive error handling with detailed messages
- ✅ 567 tests (+68 new tests) with extensive coverage
- ✅ Clean project organization with `automations/` directory
